531 extend symbol predicates (#997)
semanticarts/gist: docs/release_notes/531-extend-symbol-predicates.md

### Minor Updates

> - Deprecated `gist:unitSymbol`, `gist:unitSymbolHtml` and `gist:unitSymbolUnicode`. Issue [#531](https://github.com/semanticarts/gist/issues/531).

Reviewer: Since these are all one issue and a set of interrelated changes, there should be one primary bullet point and sub-bullets.

Author: Good idea.

- Added predicates: `gist:symbol`, `gist:symbolHtml` and `gist:symbolUnicode`.

> - Added symmbol triples for existing units, anticipating the removeal of `gist:UnitSymbol`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added symbol triples for existing units, anticipating the removal of `gist:unitSymbol`.
```
